# 1.1
## What is asynchrony?
In fact, the relationship between the *now* and *later* parts of your program is at the heart of asynchronous programming.
Asynchronous programming has been around since the beginning of JS, for sure. But most JS developers have never really carefully considered exactly how and why it crops up in their programs, or explored various other ways to handle it. The good enough approach has always been the humble *callback* function. Many to this day will insist that callbacks are more than sufficient.
But as JS continues to grow in both scope and complexity, to meet the ever-widening demands of a first-class programming language that runs in browsers and servers and every conceivable device in between, the pains by which we manage asynchrony are becoming increasingly crippling, and they cry out for approaches that are both more capable and more reasonable.

## When does asynchrony happens?
Any time you wrap a portion of code into a function and specify that it should be executed in response to some event (timer, mouse click, Ajax response, etc.), you are creating a later chunk of your code, and thus introducing asynchrony to your program.

# 1.2
Let's make a (perhaps shocking) claim: despite your clearly being able to write asynchronous JS code (like the timeout we just looked at), up until recently (ES6), **JavaScript itself has actually never had any direct notion of asynchrony built into it**.
What!? That seems like a crazy claim, right? In fact, it's quite true. The JS engine itself has never done anything more than **execute a single chunk of your program at any given moment, when asked to**.
"Asked to." By whom? That's the important part!
The JS engine doesn't run in isolation. It runs inside a *hosting environment*, which is for most developers the typical web browser ....
But the one common "thread" (that's a not-so-subtle asynchronous joke, for what it's worth) of all these environments is that they have a mechanism in them that handles executing multiple chunks of your program over time, at each moment invoking the JS engine, called the "event loop."
[即它们都提供了一种机制来处理程序中多个块的执行，且执行每
块时调用 JavaScript 引擎，这种机制被称为事件循环”][(我译)“它们内部都有一套在一段时间内执行程序中多个块的处理机制，每次都调用JavaScript引擎，这种机制称为事件循环”]
In other words, the JS engine has had no innate sense of time, but has instead been an on-demand execution environment for any arbitrary snippet of JS. It's the surrounding environment that has always scheduled "events" (JS code executions).
It's important to note that **``setTimeout( . . )`` doesn't put your callback on the event loop queue. What it does is set up a timer; when the timer expires, the environment places your callback into the event loop, such that some future tick will pick it up and execute it**.
What if there are already 20 items in the event loop at that moment? Your callback waits. It gets in line behind the others -- there's not normally a path for preempting the queue and skipping ahead in line. This explains why setTimeout( . . ) timers **may not fire with perfect temporal accuracy**. You're guaranteed (roughly speaking) that your callback won't fire before the time interval you specify, but it can happen at or after that time, depending on the state of the event queue.

#1.3
It's very common to conflate the terms "async"[同步] and "parallel"[并行], but they are actually quite different. Remember, **async is about the gap between now and later**. But parallel is about things being able to occur *simultaneously*.
The most common tools for parallel computing are processes and threads. Processes and threads execute independently and may execute simultaneously: on separate processors, or even separate computers, but **multiple threads can share the memory of a single process**.
An event loop, by contrast, breaks its work into tasks and executes them in *serial*, disallowing parallel access and changes to shared memory. Parallelism and "serialism" can coexist in the form of cooperating event loops in separate threads.[相反，事件循环把自身的工作分成一个个任务并顺序执行，不允许对共享内存的
并行访问和修改。并行性和顺序性可以以分立线程中协作的事件循环的方式共存。]
```javascript
var a = 20;
function foo() {
    a = a + 1;
}
function bar() {
    a = a * 2;
}
// ajax(..) is some arbitrary Ajax function given by a library
ajax( "http://some.url.1", foo );
ajax( "http://some.url.2", bar );
```
JavaScript never shares data accross threads, which means that level of nondeterminism isn't a concern. But that doesn't mean JS is always deterministic. Remember earlier, where the relative ordering of ``foo()`` and ``bar()`` produces two different results ( 41 or 42 )?
Because of JavaScript's single-threading, the code inside of ``foo()`` (and ``bar()``) is atomic, which means that once ``foo()`` starts running, the entirety of its code will finish before any of the code in ``bar()`` can run, or vice versa. This is called "runto-completion" behavior.
