##1.2 Confusions
The name “this” creates confusion when developers try to think about it too literally. There are two meanings often assumed(itself or its scope), but both are incorrect.

### Itself
Developers new to JavaScript’s mechanisms often think that referencing the function as an object (all functions in JavaScript are objects!) lets you store state (values in properties) between function calls. While this is certainly possible and has some limited uses, the rest of the book will expound on many other patterns for better places to store state besides the function object.
To reference a function object from inside itself, this by itself will typically be insufficient. You generally need a reference to the function object via a lexical identifier (variable) that points at it.
```javascript
function foo() {
    foo.count = 4; // `foo` refers to itself
}
setTimeout( function(){
    // anonymous function (no name), cannot refer to itself
}, 10 );
```
> The old-school but now deprecated ``arguments.callee`` reference is typically the only way to access an anonymous function’s object from inside itself. The best approach, however, is to use a named function (expression), at least for those that require a self-reference. 

```javascript
function foo() {
    // keep track of how many times `foo` is called
    foo.count++;
}
foo.count = 0;
foo(); //may be invoked several times
```
However, that approach similarly side-steps actual understanding of ``this`` and relies entirely on the *lexical scoping* of variable ``foo``.
Yet another way of approaching the issue is to *force* ``this`` to actually point at the foo function object:
```javascript
foo.call(foo);// using `call(..)`, we ensure the `this` points at the function object (`foo`) itself
```

### Its Scope
It’s a tricky question, because in one sense there is some truth, but in the other sense, it’s quite misguided.
To be clear, ``this`` does not, in any way, refer to a function’s lexical scope. It is true that internally, **scope is kind of like an object with properties for each of the available identifiers**. But the scope “object” is not accessible to JavaScript code. It’s an inner part of the *engine’s* implementation.[需要明确的是，``this`` 在任何情况下都不指向函数的词法作用域。在JavaScript内部，作用域确实和对象类似，可见的标识符都是它的属性。但是作用域“对象”无法通过JavaScript代码访问，它存在于JavaScript引擎内部。]

Every time you feel yourself trying to mix lexical scope look-ups with this, remind yourself: there is no bridge.